[RYOMA]
Dear Lady Eliaria Jamil.
I'll trash this place!
And you folks can't stop me!
[JANE]
Oh, yeah?
[grunting]
No, I've been thwarted!
[RYOMA] You're probably
wondering why I'd be doing this.
Best to take long
stories from the top.
[TAYLOR] I never dreamed
of using slimes in this way.
I'm simply astonished
at how insightful
this visit turned out to be.
Well, it's quite an honor
for the head of the local
Tamer's Guild to
stop by in person.
So, really, the pleasure
was all mine.
I hope you'll continue to
prove a creature's strength
is not the sole indicator when
it comes to a tamer's worth.
Can't wait to see what
other uses for slimes
you think up.
[RYOMA]
Thanks, Mister Taylor!
To live up to his expectations,
I need to start a new branch.
[THUG A] What kinda racket
are you people running here?
How exactly do you intend
to make up for this, huh?
You owe me!
Excuse me, sir, but is
there a problem here?
Stay outta this, kid.
Run home to Mommy.
'Fraid I have to insist as the
manager of this establishment.
You're the one
who runs this joint?
Well, your laundry
service ruined my shirt!
Care to explain how
that happened?
Know who's paying for this?
Not me!
I'll better assist you
once I take a look.
That tear seems like it
was made with a knife,
then forcefully ripped apart.
I hate to say it,
but it's clear your story
doesn't track, sir.
You made it up.
Are you callin' me a liar?
You haven't said so
much as, "Sorry,"
and now you're blaming
the customer?
This business is plain terrible!
[RYOMA]
I'll prove we're not at fault.
Come on out, guys.
[THUG A]
Huh?
Pardon, may I please
borrow somebody's laundry
to demonstrate?
Though, technically,
our slimes do eat grime
and gunk off clothes,
they don't have actual teeth.
They don't have claws
either, for that matter.
They're simply incapable
of tearing garments apart.
So I'm positive our
service wasn't responsible
for damaging your
shirt, like you claim.
It seems you're trying
to defraud our shop,
and rest assured the authorities
are gonna hear every word!
[growls]
Now you're gonna pay!
[grunts]
[CROWD laughs]
I don't like this one bit.
It's the second time in
just a matter of days
that someone's
fraudulently attacked us.
Yet I can't grasp
what motive they have.
[RYOMA] Probably to
tarnish our reputation.
Yes, but who would
benefit from our failure?
Bamboo Forest is the only
laundry service in town,
therefore we have
no competitors.
I'll have Callum
investigate this.
Give him a day or two,
see what he can dig up.
Yes, please do.
[ASAGI]
Well, if it isn't Ryoma.
[RYOMA]
Hello, Mister Asagi.
Takin' a day off?
I am. And what of you?
[RYOMA] Just got done at
the shop and headed home.
Working hard is always key,
but so is allowing ourselves
a moment to breathe.
[RYOMA]
That looks pretty new.
Mm? Good eye.
Much like us, my blades get
worn out after too much use.
Can't stay sharp
with a dull sword,
so I replace mine once a year.
Where'd you get that one,
if you don't mind me asking?
Well, are you asking
because you're looking for
an art piece to mount on a wall,
or are you perhaps in the
market for a new weapon?
[RYOMA]
The weapon option.
There are a few shops
in the royal capital
that sell decent swords,
but if you're like me,
and replace them
when they begin to dull,
it could start getting
rather expensive.
[RYOMA] Your katanas
are from the capital?
I am fortunate in that
my hometown sends me
a replacement blade
when I need one.
I receive this kind of support
as a special exception
since I'm still in training.
Wow, that's really nice!
[ASAGI] If you're specifically
seeking a katana,
I imagine an instructor
taught you how to wield one.
That connection
will probably get you
the most affordable price.
[RYOMA] My late grandfather
forged and fought with katanas.
I learned from him.
[RYOMA]
That'll be my cover story.
Ah, apologies.
Buying expensive blades may
be your only course of action
apart from using other weapons.
Sorry I couldn't be
of more help to you.
Actually, you were very helpful!
I wonder if I can forge
my own katanas.
Modern ones are made
from Tamahagane steel.
Getting ahold of charcoal
won't be the slightest issue.
As for the iron sand also
found in Tamahagane,
I can make my own using alchemy,
thanks to the resources
in these mines!
I have the knowledge to
create a sword, but that's it.
I lack the skill to do it well.
No point in making a weapon
I can't wield effectively.
Item Box.
Should be somewhere.
Ah-ha!
I knew it'd be a good idea
to take that thug's spear.
Shouldn't've messed with me!
It handles better than
I thought it would.
Though I'd prefer a katana,
a spear will work for now.
The real katana swordsmith
was my earthly dad.
His lessons are the only
reason I have a clue
about forging them,
but he ultimately decided
I lacked any real talent
and gave up on me.
He had me focus on learning
martial arts instead,
with an emphasis on
hand-to-hand combat.
Still, he taught me how to use
most every weapon imaginable.
That included spears.
I think this thing is magical,
if I remember right.
Whoa! Pretty cool!
But that blast was
at such a low level,
I might as well
cast my own magic.
It's late.
I should eat and head to bed.
[CARLA] Here's what
our search turned up.
A factional dispute?
Yes, that appears
to be the link.
The current head of
Gimul's Tamer's Guild
is in a rather delicate bind.
One of the factions wants
to ruin Mister Taylor's rep
just 'cause they don't see eye
to eye on the same values?
[CARLA] The majority of
tamers favor strength,
but Mister Taylor believes
it's more important
to wisely coexist with monsters.
So, to make him
even less popular,
they're spreading
rumors to defame him.
Right.
Recently, they've accused him
of coddling a useless rookie.
One who can only
capture weak slimes.
I guess this "useless
rookie" would be me.
Which brings us to the attacks,
or the laughable attempts
to sully the good name
of a business Mister Taylor's
recently championed.
[RYOMA]
Hmm.
How 'bout we get a
new rumor going, then?
But instead of lying,
we'll actually tell everybody
the truth.
I could see that plan
going off without a hitch
if we use the Merchant's Guild,
since many members
have an ear for that sort
of thing.
Though I specialize in slimes,
I did tame six limour birds
at the grell frog outbreak.
Not many folks know that!
And once that story
starts to get around,
it'll make Mister Taylor
look good by proving he has
an eye for talent, yeah?
Yes, that could work!
Most everyone knows
how difficult it is to tame
limour birds.
That alone should
cast plenty of doubt
on the people
speaking ill of you.
Let's spread some rumors!
[GROUP]
Nice work, everyone.
Wow, pretty slick.
You've got a slimy gift.
[MARIA giggles]
[RYOMA]
Another job well done.
Why don't we go ahead
and wrap up for the day?
Sure.
If it's okay, I'd like to
stay a little bit longer
so I can learn more about
the differences between
each slime.
Yeah! Same here!
[RYOMA] Okay, but don't
push yourselves too hard.
Learning our employees
capabilities is just another
part of the job for managers.
And I for one,
find the method that you use
to profit off of your slimes
far more entertaining
than bothersome!
[ALL]
Mm-hmm.
[RYOMA] Mister Caulkin,
Mister Tony, and Miss Lobelia
were introduced to me
through my friend
and fellow adventurer,
Mister Jeff.
All three are tamers,
slime researches,
and future Bamboo
Forest managers.
And remember,
don't hesitate to tell me
any issues you may have.
I want you to enjoy it here.
And believe me, we do!
The laboratory was nothing but
despair and disappointment.
This is heaven in comparison!
Woof, "despair"?
It was really that bad?
You have no idea how
awful working at a slime
research lab is.
[LOBELIA] You only get sent
to one if you've fallen
out of favor,
and once you're there,
you're treated like
a worthless pest.
[TONY] Our pay was
cut for the pettiest things
and we were told to
quit if we didn't like it.
[RYOMA] Another instance
of an exploitative workplace.
What was one of reasons
they'd cut your pay?
Not being able to produce
results in our research
was the most common excuse.
Try explaining what we do
to the higher-ups, though!
Slime study is a gradual
process that doesn't happen
overnight, but do they care?
[LOBELIA] There are so
many different types,
yet so little is known
about their species
as a whole.
How could we hope to
learn how they evolve?
Huh?
It seems like their evolution
process is totally random.
We'd run tests,
but where to start?
No tests meant no results,
and no results meant no respect.
And that meant no job.
Sadly, it's not all that
unusual for folks like us
to go from slimes to slums.
[ALL sigh]
[RYOMA]
Um...
What all did you feed the
slimes that you studied?
Scraps left over from what
we fed the other animals.
They aren't picky. They eat
whatever you put in front
of them.
[RYOMA sighs]
What's wrong?
Did you get a headache
all of a sudden?
Secondhand frustration
'cause the factor that affects
how slimes evolve, um,
it's the things they eat.
So the reason you guys
kept getting mixed results
is because they had
such a mixed diet.
Wait, are you positive?
The prevailing theory for
years has been that food
and evolution aren't related.
[RYOMA] I spent three years
studying my own theory,
so I'm pretty certain I'm right.
Had I been aware of that fact,
I could've continued
my research!
But now all I have is regret!
Hey, we're going to
continue your research here!
Cheer up, Mister Caulkin!
Right, dry your eyes and
let's prove to the world
how useful slimes can be!
[CAULKIN crying]
Yeah. There's no
time for self-pity!
[LOBELIA]
Manager!
Please feel free to teach us
anything and everything else
you know about
slimes that we don't!
If you any have insight
on taming big slimes,
I'm all ears!
I figured it was
impossible, but is it?
[RYOMA] It's possible, but I
don't wanna deal another blow
to their pride.
Let's start with smaller slimes
and then work our way up.
Yes! Our minds are
yours for the molding!
[RYOMA]
This might take a minute.
But I gotta admire how
passionate they are.
That's a great sign, in my eyes.
[CAULKIN]
What should we feed them?
[LOBELIA]
How about barbecue?
[TONY]
Or fried chicken!
[MARIA] Why are you all
standing back there?
It makes me look gigantic!
[RYOMA]
I lost track of the time.
Two, no, three of them.
[ATTACKER A]
He's over here!
[RYOMA] How do they
know where I'm going?
Teleport!
Where'd that runt go?
[ATTACKER A]
Did we lose him?
Focus.
He's up there!
[ATTACKER A grunts]
[ATTACKER C grunts]
You damn brat!
[RYOMA]
Teleport.
You won't be able to move
at all for a good while.
Wait, did you poison
these things?
[RYOMA] The real question is,
why were you chasing me?
Kid, all you need to know
is you're gonna be sorry!
I'll forgive you if the price
is right and you give up
your limour birds, though!
Hot! Ah! That thing
is really hot!
That's a pretty cocky attitude
for someone in your position.
[ATTACKER B gasps]
[RYOMA]
I eventually noticed your trick.
You were using your
tamed monster to follow
my every move.
Then I realized I could
use my monsters as well.
[WORGAN]
This way!
[RYOMA]
Guild Master?
What are you doing here?
[WORGAN]
Ah, you know.
Figured that limour bird
was leading these guys
to some action.
[RYOMA]
You figured right!
I had him call for the guards,
but thanks for taking
the initiative, too!
[WORGAN] Sure, but listen, do
you have some time tomorrow?
[RYOMA] That's everything
that went down last night.
I'm not trying to scare you,
I just want you all to be
aware since there's a chance
you could be attacked next.
Try to finish your work
before the sun goes down.
Mister Fei and Miss Li Ling?
We might need you two
to take on more guard duty.
I also intend to address
this alarming matter
with the guild masters
when I meet up with them
later today.
I'll be in attendance
for that meeting as well.
[RYOMA]
That's all from me.
Thanks for your time, everyone!
Of course.
[WORGAN]
No beating around the bush.
Ryoma, I'm gonna need
you to buckle down
and play a little defense.
Okay. But what do
you mean by that?
The rumor mill has
been quite active lately.
We took it upon ourselves
to investigate.
And we can say with absolute
confidence someone sent
those thugs after you.
Just put your energy
into protecting yourself
and your shop and
leave the mastermind
behind this to us.
[RYOMA]
Fair enough.
That said, the shop needs
to be perfectly secure.
[WORGAN]
It will be.
Jeff recommended a
trustworthy fella to help
with that, actually.
What about a bodyguard
for you personally?
I can handle myself just fine.
[GLISSELA] You know, if you're
a skilled enough fighter,
there's a nifty trick that
makes people think twice
about attacking you.
Like what?
[PUNK A]
Run! We don't stand a chance!
[yells]
[PUNK B] Hey, wait,
I surrender! I surrender!
Look, I really am sorry.
I hope you understand that.
[RYOMA] Been a while since
I had to take out so many.
Oh. Hey, great timing, guys!
[GUARD A]
These the crooks of the day?
Yeah, sorry to cause trouble.
Dimension Home.
It's a thousand sute
for one High Heal.
Since I used 72 heals,
that a grand total
of 72,000 sute.
But I'll cut you a deal!
70,000 will do!
That is quite a price tag.
It's like a new type
of self-defense.
Bet it'll keep low-lives
away once everyone
and their grandma hears
that whoever attacks him
gets beat to a pulp
and charged for healing.
[RYOMA] I put Master Glissela's
idea into practice.
Though I hesitated at first
on account of how harsh it is.
[GUARD A] Here's today's
fee, paid in full.
[RYOMA]
Thanks. I appreciate it.
We appreciate you.
It'll take a while,
but these thugs will work
to pay back every last bit.
And believe it or not,
a lot of them get rehabilitated
through the labor, or at least
pick up legitimate skills
for when their sentence is over.
That makes me feel
a little bit better about it.
All right, let the
training session begin!
I am a thuggish adventurer!
And I came to cause problems!
Mister Dolce!
Oh, no! I'm scared!
[GROUP grunting]
Okay, I think we're good!
Training session complete!
How did that go, Mister Dolce?
It was easy to respond
in a timely manner.
I greatly approve.
[RYOMA]
Then I approve, too!
We got ourselves a plan!
[GROUP cheers]
[RYOMA]
Mister Dolce is a bodyguard,
and yet another newcomer,
introduced to us
through Mister Jeff.
He's observably antisocial,
but very earnest and reliable.
[SELMA] That exercise
work up an appetite?
[RYOMA] Hmm? This bread
feels a bit fluffier than usual.
We used the natural yeast
that you taught us about.
It's nice to know that you
could tell the difference.
These sausages
are delicious, too!
[SELMA] The nearby
butcher gave us those.
He said it was a gift to
celebrate the Manager's
taming of the limour birds.
[RYOMA] The new rumors are
spreading like wildfire.
Excellent work, Mister Callum.
[MARIA] Good food tastes
even better in good company.
'Specially when
Miss Selma makes it!
[SELMA] I wonder if the charcoal
the manger gave me helped.
This is great.
Everything's quite delicious.
My word! That's the first
comment about my cooking
Mister Dolce's ever made!
[RYOMA] This security training
brought us an unexpected
yet very welcome benefit, Elia.
The employees are communicating
with each other more.
If this keeps up,
I should be able to open
a new branch soon.
[CARLA]
Manager?
What's up?
If you have a moment to spare,
could we look these over?
Something about the balance?
[CARLA] Just that our sales
are growing at a steady pace.
Yeah, no kidding!
I don't simply want
to talk numbers with you.
Did you know the
prospective managers
have the basics of
bookkeeping mastered?
Or that Miss Maria
learned the fundamentals
of taming magic?
All thanks to Miss Lobelia's
guidance, of course.
[RYOMA] Every single person
I've employed is working harder
than I anticipated.
I'm surrounded by people
who expect great things
from me, and those
high hopes are leading
to these high numbers.
Looks like the signs
are saying "yes."
Let's open a second branch.
I'm with you all the way, sir.
[knocking]
[RYOMA]
Miss Glissela?
[GLISSELA] I had a feeling I'd
be seeing your bright eyes
in my doorway.
Rumor has it that
you're no longer at risk
of being randomly attacked.
Came to figure out
the best place to put
your second branch, right?
You read me like an open book!
[BIRD chirps]
[RYOMA]
It's from Elia!
[ELIARIA] Dear Mister Ryoma,
I'm sure you're hard at work
building your shop's
spotless reputation
and studying your slimes.
I'm studying quite a
bit myself, these days,
to prepare for school
in the royal capital.
In addition to academics,
I'm also brushing up
on my magic.
Whenever my training
wears on me,
I take a break by playing
with the Bubbly Water
magic you taught me.
I hope you're remembering
to take breaks
every now and then, too.
[RYOMA] Actually, it might
be a minute before I can
take my next break, Elia.
Wish me luck, everyone.
Good luck and safe travels!
[RYOMA]
Here I go.
Off to a new town
to build my next shop!